[1.18.x] Reorganization of the Forge Docs (#422)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/resources/client/index.md

Resource Packs
==============

> [Resource Packs][respack] allow for the customization of client resources through the `assets` directory. This includes textures, models, sounds, localizations, etc. Forge, and your mod, can also have resource packs. Any user can therefore modify all the textures, models, and other asetts defined within this directory.

Reviewer: It may be just me, but the use of `etc.` at the end of a sentence made me join that sentence and the next one together. 

We want to give emphasis to mods being capable of holding resource packs, with Forge as the sidenote. Also, a typo:
```suggestion
[Resource Packs][respack] allow for the customization of client resources through the `assets` directory. This includes textures, models, sounds, localizations, and others. Your mod (as well as Forge itself) can also have resource packs. Any user can therefore modify all the textures, models, and other assets defined within this directory.
```

### Creating a Resource Pack

> Resource Packs are stored within the `assets` directory within your project's resources.

Reviewer: It's not _exactly_ correct: the `assets` directory contains the contents of the resource pack. The resource pack itself is defined by the presence of `pack.mcmeta` alongside that folder, and stored in the appropriate location in the game directory: under `resourcepacks` for the user's packs, and under `server-resource-packs` for server-specific packs.

Author: While true, we are only talking about in relation to a Forge mod. As such, I believe the documentation on where the game directory stores that information is irrelevant for this.

> Your mod can have multiple asset domains, since you can add or modify already existing resource packs, like vanilla's, forge's, or another mod's.

Reviewer: `forge` should be capitalized:
```suggestion
Your mod can have multiple asset domains, since you can add or modify already existing resource packs, like vanilla's, Forge's, or another mod's.
```

> You can then follow the steps found [here][createrespack] to create any resource pack.

Reviewer: Perhaps it may be better (partly for accessibility) to change the link text to describe where it links rather than a generic `here`:
```suggestion
You can then follow the steps found [at the Minecraft Wiki][createrespack] to create any resource pack.
```
